com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/wifi/WifiAccessPointCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.WifiAccessPointCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.WifiAccessPointCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/Cancelable.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.Cancelable
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraZoomCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraZoomCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraZoomCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraZoomCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraWhiteBalanceLock.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraWhiteBalanceLock
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/ManagedGroundSdk.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.ManagedGroundSdk
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.ManagedGroundSdk$ObserverBehavior
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraWhiteBalance.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraWhiteBalance
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraWhiteBalance$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraWhiteBalance$Setting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraWhiteBalance$Temperature
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/system/SystemConnectivityCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemConnectivityCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemConnectivityCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemConnectivityCore$1$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/ReverseGeocoderUtility.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.ReverseGeocoderUtility
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.ReverseGeocoderUtility$Monitor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/GpsCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.GpsCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/MainCamera.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.MainCamera
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/CandleCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.CandleCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/FirmwareManager.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.FirmwareManager
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.FirmwareManager$Entry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.FirmwareManager$Entry$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/AttitudeIndicator.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.AttitudeIndicator
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/OptionalIntCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.OptionalIntCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontrollerua/AxisMappingEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontrollerua.AxisMappingEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/StreamServer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.StreamServer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/gutmalog/GutmaLogEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.gutmalog.GutmaLogEngine
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/FlightMeterCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.FlightMeterCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/stream/CameraLiveCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.CameraLiveCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.CameraLiveCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.CameraLiveCore$Command
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.CameraLiveCore$Command$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.CameraLiveCore$Command$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/ReturnHomePilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.ReturnHomePilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.ReturnHomePilotingItf$EndingBehavior
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.ReturnHomePilotingItf$Reachability
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.ReturnHomePilotingItf$Reason
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.ReturnHomePilotingItf$Target
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/AxisMappableAction.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.AxisMappableAction
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/FirmwareEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareEngine$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareEngine$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/SpiralCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.SpiralCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraEvCompensation.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraEvCompensation
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/OptionalDoubleSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.OptionalDoubleSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.OptionalDoubleSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceStateHolder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStateHolder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStateHolder$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStateHolder$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/blackbox/BlackBoxStorageCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.blackbox.BlackBoxStorageCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaStoreWiperRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaStoreWiperRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/SpeedometerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.SpeedometerCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/SphericalPhotoPanoramaCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.SphericalPhotoPanoramaCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/Vertical180PhotoPanoramaCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.Vertical180PhotoPanoramaCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/ApplicationStorageProvider.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.ApplicationStorageProvider
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.ApplicationStorageProvider$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/OptionalBooleanSetting.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.OptionalBooleanSetting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpUpdateClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpUpdateClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpUpdateClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpUpdateClient$Service
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/LookAtPilotingItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.LookAtPilotingItfCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/io/Files.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.io.Files
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/wifi/SecuritySettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.SecuritySettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.SecuritySettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/FlightLogDownloaderCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.FlightLogDownloaderCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/gutmalog/GutmaLogStorageCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.gutmalog.GutmaLogStorageCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/DumpSys.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.DumpSys
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.DumpSys$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.DumpSys$Dumpable
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.DumpSys$Service
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/tasks/MainThreadScheduler.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.MainThreadScheduler
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.MainThreadScheduler$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.MainThreadScheduler$Default
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.MainThreadScheduler$Default$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.MainThreadScheduler$PostFromMainThreadPolicy
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/system/SystemLocationCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemLocationCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemLocationCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemLocationCore$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemLocationCore$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemLocationCore$4
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemLocationCore$LocationType
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/SetViewModeCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.SetViewModeCommand
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.SetViewModeCommand$Mode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/ProgressCaptor.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.ProgressCaptor
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.ProgressCaptor$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.ProgressCaptor$ForwardingRequestBody
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.ProgressCaptor$Listener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.ProgressCaptor$ProgressRequestBody
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.ProgressCaptor$ProgressRequestBody$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.ProgressCaptor$ProgressRequestBody$1$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.ProgressCaptor$ProgressResponseBody
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.ProgressCaptor$ProgressResponseBody$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/Display.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Display
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Display$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Display$Orientation
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Display$OrientationListener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/firmware/FirmwareIdentifier.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.firmware.FirmwareIdentifier
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/HorizontalPanoramaCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.HorizontalPanoramaCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/AnimationItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.AnimationItfCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.AnimationItfCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/Dronie.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Dronie
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Dronie$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontroller3/ButtonsMappingEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontroller3.ButtonsMappingEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/Peripheral.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Peripheral
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Peripheral$Provider
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/stream/StreamServerProxy.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.StreamServerProxy
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/gamepad/VirtualGamepadCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.VirtualGamepadCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.VirtualGamepadCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/FlightLogReporter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.FlightLogReporter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/RemoteControlListEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.RemoteControlListEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/GutmaLogManager.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.GutmaLogManager
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraWhiteBalanceSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraWhiteBalanceSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraWhiteBalanceSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/ThermalCameraCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.ThermalCameraCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/WifiScanner.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.WifiScanner
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/view/GlView.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.view.GlView
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.view.GlView$Renderer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.view.GlView$Renderer$GlesVersion
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.view.GlView$Renderer$RenderMode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaDestinationCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDestinationCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDestinationCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDestinationCore$AppFilesCache
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDestinationCore$AppPrivateFiles
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDestinationCore$Path
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDestinationCore$PlatformMediaStore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/StringSetting.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.StringSetting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaDeleterCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDeleterCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDeleterCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDeleterCore$Deletion
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDeleterCore$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpCrashMlClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpCrashMlClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpCrashMlClient$Service
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpCrashMlClient$UploadCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpCrashMlClient$UploadCallback$Status
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/VolatileMappingState.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.VolatileMappingState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/Leds.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Leds
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraAlignment.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraAlignment
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraAlignment$Setting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/Utility.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.Utility
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceRemovedListenerRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceRemovedListenerRef
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceRemovedListenerRef$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/firmware/FirmwareVersion.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.firmware.FirmwareVersion
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.firmware.FirmwareVersion$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/RcUsbAccessoryManager.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.RcUsbAccessoryManager
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraWhiteBalanceLockCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraWhiteBalanceLockCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraWhiteBalanceLockCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceFirmwareVersionHolder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceFirmwareVersionHolder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceFirmwareVersionHolder$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/BatteryGaugeUpdaterCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.BatteryGaugeUpdaterCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.BatteryGaugeUpdaterCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/MediaStore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.MediaStore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.MediaStore$IndexingState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.MediaStore$StorageType
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/GsdkHmdView.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.GsdkHmdView
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.GsdkHmdView$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.GsdkHmdView$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.GsdkHmdView$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.GsdkHmdView$OnFieldOfViewChangeListener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/component/ComponentRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.component.ComponentRef
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.component.ComponentRef$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/SystemBarometer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.SystemBarometer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.SystemBarometer$Monitor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/IntegerRangeCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.IntegerRangeCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/RemoteControlListEntryCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.RemoteControlListEntryCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/UserAccountEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.UserAccountEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.UserAccountEngine$Persistence
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.UserAccountEngine$UserAccountInfoCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/BlackBoxReporter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.BlackBoxReporter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/RadioCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.RadioCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/SettingController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.SettingController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.SettingController$ChangeListener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/Altimeter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Altimeter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/SkyControllerUaGamepad.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.SkyControllerUaGamepad
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.SkyControllerUaGamepad$Axis
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.SkyControllerUaGamepad$Button
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/Ref.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.Ref
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.Ref$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/stream/Stream.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Stream
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Stream$Sink
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Stream$Sink$Config
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Stream$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/stream/Overlayer2.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Overlayer2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Overlayer2$Histogram
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Overlayer2$OverlayContext
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/flightdata/CollectJob.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.flightdata.CollectJob
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/LookAtPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.LookAtPilotingItf
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/blackbox/CollectJob.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.blackbox.CollectJob
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/VerticalReveal.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.VerticalReveal
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.VerticalReveal$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaRequest.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaRequest
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaRequest$ProgressCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaRequest$ProgressResultCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaRequest$ProgressStatusCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaRequest$ResultCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaRequest$Status
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaRequest$StatusCallback
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/flightplan/FlightPlanPilotingItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.flightplan.FlightPlanPilotingItfCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.flightplan.FlightPlanPilotingItfCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraExposureLockCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposureLockCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposureLockCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/SetStillCaptureModeCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.SetStillCaptureModeCommand
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.SetStillCaptureModeCommand$Mode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/GutmaLogStorage.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.GutmaLogStorage
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/ReturnToLaunchCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.ReturnToLaunchCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/MediaListener.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.MediaListener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraExposureLock.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposureLock
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposureLock$Mode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/BooleanSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.BooleanSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.BooleanSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/Compass.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Compass
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/AutoConnection.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.AutoConnection
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.AutoConnection$Status
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/Horizontal180PhotoPanorama.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Horizontal180PhotoPanorama
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Horizontal180PhotoPanorama$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceBoardIdHolder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceBoardIdHolder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceBoardIdHolder$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraExposure.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposure
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposure$AutoExposureMeteringMode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposure$IsoSensitivity
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposure$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposure$Setting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposure$ShutterSpeed
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/MagnetometerWith3StepCalibration.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith3StepCalibration
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith3StepCalibration$CalibrationProcessState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith3StepCalibration$CalibrationProcessState$Axis
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/Activable.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.Activable
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.Activable$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/Validation.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.Validation
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/ManualCopterPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.ManualCopterPilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.ManualCopterPilotingItf$SmartTakeOffLandAction
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/GlRenderSink.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSink
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSink$Callback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSink$Renderer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSink$Renderer$PaddingFill
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSink$Renderer$ScaleType
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/CopilotCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.CopilotCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.CopilotCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/SystemLocation.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.SystemLocation
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.SystemLocation$Monitor
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.SystemLocation$Monitor$Passive
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/PilotingControlCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.PilotingControlCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.PilotingControlCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/DroneListEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.DroneListEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/UpdaterCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.UpdaterCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.UpdaterCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.UpdaterCore$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.UpdaterCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.UpdaterCore$DownloadCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.UpdaterCore$UpdateCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/flightlog/FlightLogEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.flightlog.FlightLogEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.flightlog.FlightLogEngine$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/RemoteControlCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.RemoteControlCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/CopterMotorsCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.CopterMotorsCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/tracking/FramingSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.tracking.FramingSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.tracking.FramingSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/HorizontalRevealCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.HorizontalRevealCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/TakeOffCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.TakeOffCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/StringSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.StringSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.StringSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontrollerua/ButtonsMappingEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontrollerua.ButtonsMappingEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/Speedometer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Speedometer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/Schemes.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.Schemes
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/wifi/WifiScannerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.WifiScannerCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.WifiScannerCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/crashreport/CollectJob.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.crashreport.CollectJob
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/Compositor.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Compositor
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Compositor$GlRenderer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Compositor$Layer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/CreatePanoramaCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.CreatePanoramaCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/tasks/Job.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.Job
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.Job$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/IntegerRange.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.IntegerRange
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/FirmwareBlackListCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareBlackListCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/PhotoProgressIndicatorCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.PhotoProgressIndicatorCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/FirmwareBlackListAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareBlackListAdapter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/ReturnHomePilotingItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.ReturnHomePilotingItfCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.ReturnHomePilotingItfCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceStateCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStateCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStateCore$Listener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/MagnetometerWith1StepCalibration.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith1StepCalibration
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith1StepCalibration$CalibrationProcessState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/Flip.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Flip
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Flip$Config
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Flip$Direction
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/DoubleSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.DoubleSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.DoubleSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/reversegeocoder/ReverseGeocoderUtilityCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.reversegeocoder.ReverseGeocoderUtilityCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceNameRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceNameRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/GeofenceCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.GeofenceCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.GeofenceCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaStoreProxy.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaStoreProxy
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/DelayCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.DelayCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/StopVideoCaptureCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.StopVideoCaptureCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/Geometry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Geometry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Geometry$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Geometry$Computer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/BatteryInfoCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.BatteryInfoCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/guided/GuidedPilotingItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.guided.GuidedPilotingItfCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.guided.GuidedPilotingItfCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/DeviceConnector.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.DeviceConnector
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.DeviceConnector$Technology
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.DeviceConnector$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/DroneStore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.DroneStore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/system/SystemBarometerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemBarometerCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemBarometerCore$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/component/ComponentCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.component.ComponentCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.component.ComponentCore$ChangeListener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaItemCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaItemCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/BooleanSetting.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.BooleanSetting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/GimbalCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.GimbalCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.GimbalCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.GimbalCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.GimbalCore$OffsetCorrectionProcessCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/Setting.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.Setting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraRecordingSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecordingSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecordingSettingCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecordingSettingCore$Capability
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/UserAccount.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.UserAccount
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.UserAccount$AccountlessPersonalDataPolicy
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.UserAccount$AnonymousDataPolicy
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/MediaRegistry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.MediaRegistry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/FirmwareManagerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.FirmwareManagerCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.FirmwareManagerCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.FirmwareManagerCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.FirmwareManagerCore$EntryCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/SystemInfoCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.SystemInfoCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.SystemInfoCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/UserHeading.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.UserHeading
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/StartPhotoCaptureCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.StartPhotoCaptureCommand
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.StartPhotoCaptureCommand$Format
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/CrashReporter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.CrashReporter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/CameraExposureValues.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.CameraExposureValues
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/OptionalSetting.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.OptionalSetting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/BlendedThermalCamera.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.BlendedThermalCamera
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/tasks/Task.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.Task
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.Task$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.Task$CompletionListener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.Task$Result
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.Task$RunnableResult
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/HmdModel.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.HmdModel
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.HmdModel$ChromaCorrection
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.HmdModel$DataPack
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/stream/CameraLive.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.stream.CameraLive
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.stream.CameraLive$PlayState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/OptionalDouble.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.OptionalDouble
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/Persistence.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.Persistence
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.Persistence$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.Persistence$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.Persistence$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.Persistence$FirmwareRecord
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.Persistence$PresetBlackListEntry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.Persistence$StoredBlackListEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/GroundSdkCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.GroundSdkCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.GroundSdkCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.GroundSdkCore$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/YUVSinkCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.YUVSinkCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.YUVSinkCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.YUVSinkCore$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.YUVSinkCore$2$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.YUVSinkCore$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/Updater.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Updater
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Updater$Download
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Updater$Download$State
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Updater$Download$UnavailabilityReason
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Updater$Update
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Updater$Update$State
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Updater$Update$UnavailabilityReason
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraPhotoStateCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhotoStateCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/flightdata/FlightDataEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.flightdata.FlightDataEngine
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/io/IoStreams.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.io.IoStreams
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.io.IoStreams$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.io.IoStreams$LazyInputStream
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceStoreCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStoreCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStoreCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStoreCore$Drone
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStoreCore$RemoteControl
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/StreamCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.StreamCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.StreamCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.StreamCore$Command
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.StreamCore$Observer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.StreamCore$Sink
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.StreamCore$Sink$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/session/SessionManager.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.session.SessionManager
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.session.SessionManager$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.session.SessionManager$LeakChecker
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.session.SessionManager$Listener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/stream/MediaReplay.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.stream.MediaReplay
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.stream.MediaReplay$Source
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/Maths.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.Maths
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/ParabolaCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.ParabolaCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/LandCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.LandCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/ThermalControlCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.ThermalControlCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.ThermalControlCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.ThermalControlCore$CalibrationCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/stream/MediaReplayCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.MediaReplayCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/AnimationCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.AnimationCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.AnimationCore$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceListRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceListRef
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceListRef$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/obb/package-info.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.obb.package-info
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/Copilot.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Copilot
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Copilot$Source
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/FlightMeter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.FlightMeter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/BuildConfig.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.BuildConfig
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/tasks/Executor.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.Executor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/Geofence.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Geofence
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Geofence$Mode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/FirmwareStoreCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareStoreCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/media/MediaDeleter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaDeleter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/UserAccountInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.UserAccountInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.UserAccountInfo$Monitor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/Parabola.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Parabola
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Parabola$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraStyle.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraStyle
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraStyle$Setting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraStyle$Style
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraStyle$StyleParameter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaDeleterRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDeleterRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/crashreport/CrashReportEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.crashreport.CrashReportEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.crashreport.CrashReportEngine$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/GlRenderSinkCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSinkCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSinkCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSinkCore$1$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSinkCore$1$1$Context
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSinkCore$1$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSinkCore$1$2$Context
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSinkCore$1$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSinkCore$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.GlRenderSinkCore$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/FirmwareStore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FirmwareStore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FirmwareStore$Monitor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/media/MediaItem.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaItem
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaItem$MetadataType
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaItem$PanoramaType
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaItem$PhotoMode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaItem$Resource
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaItem$Resource$Format
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaItem$Track
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaItem$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/FlipCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.FlipCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaStoreWiperCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaStoreWiperCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaStoreWiperCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaStoreWiperCore$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/session/Session.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.session.Session
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.session.Session$RefBase
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.session.Session$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/FlyingIndicators.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.FlyingIndicators
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.FlyingIndicators$FlyingState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.FlyingIndicators$LandedState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.FlyingIndicators$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/FlightDataManager.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.FlightDataManager
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/Shader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Shader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Shader$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Shader$Descriptor
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Shader$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpSession.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpSession
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpSession$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpSession$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpSession$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpSession$ClientFactory
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpSession$WebSocketSubscription
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpSession$WebSocketSubscription$MessageListener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/GutmaLogManagerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.GutmaLogManagerCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.GutmaLogManagerCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/OptionalDoubleSetting.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.OptionalDoubleSetting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/BlackBoxReporterCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.BlackBoxReporterCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/StartVideoCaptureCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.StartVideoCaptureCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/LedsCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.LedsCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.LedsCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/YUVSink.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.YUVSink
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.YUVSink$Callback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.YUVSink$Frame
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/HorizontalPanorama.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.HorizontalPanorama
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.HorizontalPanorama$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/AlarmsCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.AlarmsCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.AlarmsCore$AlarmCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/FlightDataManagerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.FlightDataManagerCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.FlightDataManagerCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/Camera.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.Camera
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.Camera$Mode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/DollySlide.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.DollySlide
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.DollySlide$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/EnginesController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.EnginesController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.EnginesController$OnStopListener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/FileReplayRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.FileReplayRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/BatteryGaugeUpdater.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.BatteryGaugeUpdater
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.BatteryGaugeUpdater$State
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.BatteryGaugeUpdater$UnavailabilityReason
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/MagnetometerWith1StepCalibrationCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith1StepCalibrationCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith1StepCalibrationCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith1StepCalibrationCore$CalibrationProcessStateCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/CopterMotors.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.CopterMotors
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.CopterMotors$Motor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/blackbox/ArchiveJob.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.blackbox.ArchiveJob
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/RequestBodyInterceptor.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.RequestBodyInterceptor
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.RequestBodyInterceptor$CapturableRequestBody
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/RemoteControl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.RemoteControl
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.RemoteControl$Model
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/LensProjection.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.LensProjection
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/AttitudeIndicatorCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.AttitudeIndicatorCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/SystemConnectivity.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.SystemConnectivity
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.SystemConnectivity$Monitor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/OptionalDoubleCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.OptionalDoubleCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontrollerua/ButtonEvent.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontrollerua.ButtonEvent
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontrollerua.ButtonEvent$Listener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontrollerua.ButtonEvent$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/tracking/TargetTrajectoryCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.tracking.TargetTrajectoryCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceModels.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceModels
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/Radio.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Radio
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/stream/CameraLiveRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.CameraLiveRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/stream/MediaSourceCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.MediaSourceCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.MediaSourceCore$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/gamepad/SkyControllerUaGamepadCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.SkyControllerUaGamepadCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.SkyControllerUaGamepadCore$AxisInterpolatorEntry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.SkyControllerUaGamepadCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.SkyControllerUaGamepadCore$ReversedAxisEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/Instrument.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Instrument
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Instrument$Provider
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/MainCameraCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.MainCameraCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/obb/Obb.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.obb.Obb
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/MagnetometerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.MagnetometerCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.MagnetometerCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/tracking/TargetTrackerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.tracking.TargetTrackerCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.tracking.TargetTrackerCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/FollowMePilotingItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.FollowMePilotingItfCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.FollowMePilotingItfCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/system/SystemEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemEngine
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/ReplayCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.ReplayCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.ReplayCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.ReplayCore$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.ReplayCore$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/OptionalValue.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.OptionalValue
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpFirmwaresInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpFirmwaresInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpFirmwaresInfo$BlackListEntry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpFirmwaresInfo$Firmware
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/FlightDataDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.FlightDataDownloader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.FlightDataDownloader$CompletionStatus
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/Dri.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Dri
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Dri$DroneId
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Dri$IdType
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Dri$TypeConfig
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Dri$TypeConfig$Type
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Dri$TypeConfigState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Dri$TypeConfigState$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/AutoConnectionCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.AutoConnectionCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.AutoConnectionCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.AutoConnectionCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/Alarms.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Alarms
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Alarms$Alarm
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Alarms$Alarm$Kind
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Alarms$Alarm$Level
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/flightlog/FlightLogStorageCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.flightlog.FlightLogStorageCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/PilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.PilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.PilotingItf$Provider
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/media/MediaResourceList.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaResourceList
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaResourceList$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/Candle.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Candle
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Candle$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/Monitorable.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.Monitorable
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontroller3/ButtonEvent.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontroller3.ButtonEvent
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontroller3.ButtonEvent$Listener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontroller3.ButtonEvent$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/PreciseHomeCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.PreciseHomeCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.PreciseHomeCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/flightlog/CollectJob.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.flightlog.CollectJob
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraStyleSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraStyleSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraStyleSettingCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraStyleSettingCore$CameraStyleParameterCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/VerticalRevealCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.VerticalRevealCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/Drone.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.Drone
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.Drone$Model
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/RemovableUserStorageCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorageCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorageCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorageCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorageCore$FormattingStateCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorageCore$MediaInfoCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/AnimationItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.AnimationItf
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/FollowMePilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.FollowMePilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.FollowMePilotingItf$Behavior
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.FollowMePilotingItf$Mode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/PointOfInterestPilotingItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.PointOfInterestPilotingItfCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.PointOfInterestPilotingItfCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.PointOfInterestPilotingItfCore$PointOfInterestCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaStoreCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaStoreCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaStoreCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaStoreCore$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/ResourceHmdModelPack.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.ResourceHmdModelPack
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.ResourceHmdModelPack$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.ResourceHmdModelPack$Model
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.ResourceHmdModelPack$Model$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.ResourceHmdModelPack$ModelRecord
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.ResourceHmdModelPack$ModelRecord$Buffer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.ResourceHmdModelPack$ModelRecord$ChromaCorrection
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.ResourceHmdModelPack$ModelRecord$Ipd
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.ResourceHmdModelPack$ModelRecord$Size
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/DriCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DriCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DriCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DriCore$Id
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DriCore$TypeConfigCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DriCore$TypeConfigStateCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/FlyingIndicatorsCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.FlyingIndicatorsCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/reversegeocoder/ReverseGeocoderEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.reversegeocoder.ReverseGeocoderEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.reversegeocoder.ReverseGeocoderEngine$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/PointOfInterestPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.PointOfInterestPilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.PointOfInterestPilotingItf$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.PointOfInterestPilotingItf$PointOfInterest
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/guided/FinishedFlightInfoCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.guided.FinishedFlightInfoCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.guided.FinishedFlightInfoCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.guided.FinishedFlightInfoCore$Location
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.guided.FinishedFlightInfoCore$Relative
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/SystemHeading.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.SystemHeading
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.SystemHeading$Monitor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/FlightLogStorage.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FlightLogStorage
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontrollerua/AxisEvent.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontrollerua.AxisEvent
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontrollerua.AxisEvent$Listener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/BeeperCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.BeeperCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.BeeperCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/stream/GsdkStreamView.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.GsdkStreamView
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.GsdkStreamView$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.GsdkStreamView$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.GsdkStreamView$CaptureCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.GsdkStreamView$OnContentZoneChangeListener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.GsdkStreamView$PaddingFill
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.GsdkStreamView$Renderer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.GsdkStreamView$ScaleType
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/media/MediaDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaDownloader
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/obb/ZipResourceFile.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.obb.ZipResourceFile
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.obb.ZipResourceFile$ZipEntryRO
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/SystemInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.SystemInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/CrashReportDownloaderCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.CrashReportDownloaderCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/HorizontalReveal.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.HorizontalReveal
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.HorizontalReveal$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/ReverseGeocoder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.ReverseGeocoder
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/media/MediaDestination.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaDestination
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/BatteryInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.BatteryInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/wifi/ChannelSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.ChannelSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.ChannelSettingCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.ChannelSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/tasks/TaskGroup.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.TaskGroup
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/OptionalBooleanSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.OptionalBooleanSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.OptionalBooleanSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/activation/Persistence.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.activation.Persistence
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/LogControl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.LogControl
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/StopPhotoCaptureCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.StopPhotoCaptureCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/SphericalPhotoPanorama.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.SphericalPhotoPanorama
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.SphericalPhotoPanorama$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/flightplan/ReturnHomeOnDisconnectSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.flightplan.ReturnHomeOnDisconnectSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.flightplan.ReturnHomeOnDisconnectSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/FlightLogDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.FlightLogDownloader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.FlightLogDownloader$CompletionStatus
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaThumbnailCache.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaThumbnailCache
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaThumbnailCache$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaThumbnailCache$Entry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaThumbnailCache$ThumbnailRequest
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaThumbnailCache$ThumbnailRequest$Callback
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontroller3/AxisEvent.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontroller3.AxisEvent
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontroller3.AxisEvent$Listener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/FileSourceCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.FileSourceCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.FileSourceCore$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/tasks/BackgroundThreadScheduler.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.BackgroundThreadScheduler
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.BackgroundThreadScheduler$Default
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.tasks.BackgroundThreadScheduler$Default$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/session/ManagedSession.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.session.ManagedSession
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/PreciseHome.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.PreciseHome
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.PreciseHome$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.PreciseHome$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/RcAccessoryBootstrapActivity.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.RcAccessoryBootstrapActivity
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceCore$Delegate
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/CompassCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.CompassCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraRecordingStateCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecordingStateCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DroneCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DroneCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/TrackingPilotingItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.TrackingPilotingItfCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.TrackingPilotingItfCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DroneListEntryCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DroneListEntryCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/UserLocation.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.UserLocation
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/OptionalInt.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.OptionalInt
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/motor/MotorError.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.motor.MotorError
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/system/MonitorableCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.MonitorableCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/ActivablePilotingItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.ActivablePilotingItfCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.ActivablePilotingItfCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/Gimbal.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Gimbal
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Gimbal$Axis
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Gimbal$CalibrationProcessState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Gimbal$ControlMode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Gimbal$Error
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Gimbal$FrameOfReference
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Gimbal$OffsetCorrectionProcess
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/activation/ActivationEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.activation.ActivationEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.activation.ActivationEngine$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/stream/FileReplay.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.FileReplay
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.FileReplay$Source
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/EnumSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.EnumSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.EnumSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/stream/MediaReplayRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.MediaReplayRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/RemoteControlProxy.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.RemoteControlProxy
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraRecording.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecording
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecording$Framerate
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecording$HyperlapseValue
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecording$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecording$Resolution
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecording$Setting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecording$State
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraRecording$State$FunctionState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/BlackBoxStorage.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.BlackBoxStorage
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.BlackBoxStorage$BlackBox
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/UserHeadingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.UserHeadingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.UserHeadingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/stream/Replay.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Replay
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Replay$PlayState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/wifi/CountrySettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.CountrySettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.wifi.CountrySettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/VertigoCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.VertigoCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpActivationClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpActivationClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpActivationClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpActivationClient$HttpDevice
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpActivationClient$Service
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/UserLocationCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.UserLocationCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.UserLocationCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/ExternalEngines.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.ExternalEngines
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/package-info.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.package-info
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/PhotoProgressIndicator.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.PhotoProgressIndicator
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpRequest.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpRequest
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpRequest$ProgressCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpRequest$ProgressStatusCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpRequest$ResultCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpRequest$Status
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpRequest$StatusCallback
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/Animation.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Animation
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Animation$Config
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Animation$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Animation$Status
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Animation$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontrollerua/MappingEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontrollerua.MappingEntry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontrollerua.MappingEntry$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/DeviceModel.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.DeviceModel
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.DeviceModel$Id
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/Vertical180PhotoPanorama.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Vertical180PhotoPanorama
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Vertical180PhotoPanorama$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/FirmwareStoreEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareStoreEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpClient$HttpException
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/DroneFinderCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DroneFinderCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DroneFinderCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DroneFinderCore$DiscoveredDroneCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/SkyController3Gamepad.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.SkyController3Gamepad
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.SkyController3Gamepad$Axis
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.SkyController3Gamepad$Button
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/CrashReportStorage.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.CrashReportStorage
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/AntiFlickerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.AntiFlickerCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.AntiFlickerCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/ThumbnailProvider.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.ThumbnailProvider
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.ThumbnailProvider$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.ThumbnailProvider$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/tracking/TrackingIssue.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.tracking.TrackingIssue
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraPhoto.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhoto
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhoto$BracketingValue
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhoto$BurstValue
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhoto$FileFormat
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhoto$Format
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhoto$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhoto$Setting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhoto$State
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhoto$State$FunctionState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/AntiFlicker.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.AntiFlicker
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.AntiFlicker$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.AntiFlicker$Value
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceStateRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceStateRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/GenericTwistUpCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.GenericTwistUpCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/FirmwareBlackList.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FirmwareBlackList
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FirmwareBlackList$Monitor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/ThermalControl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$AbsolutePalette
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$AbsolutePalette$ColorizationMode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$Calibration
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$Calibration$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$Palette
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$Palette$Color
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$RelativePalette
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$Rendering
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$Rendering$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$Sensitivity
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$SpotPalette
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalControl$SpotPalette$SpotType
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/EnumSetting.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.EnumSetting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/CertificateUploader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.CertificateUploader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.CertificateUploader$CompletionStatus
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/Spiral.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Spiral
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Spiral$Config
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/DroneFinder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DroneFinder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DroneFinder$DiscoveredDrone
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DroneFinder$DiscoveredDrone$ConnectionSecurity
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DroneFinder$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/wifi/Band.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.wifi.Band
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/MountControlCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.MountControlCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/flightdata/FlightDataStorageCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.flightdata.FlightDataStorageCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/DevToolboxCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DevToolboxCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DevToolboxCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DevToolboxCore$BooleanDebugSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DevToolboxCore$DebugSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DevToolboxCore$NumericDebugSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.DevToolboxCore$TextDebugSettingCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/WifiAccessPoint.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.WifiAccessPoint
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.WifiAccessPoint$ChannelSetting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.WifiAccessPoint$ChannelSetting$SelectionMode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.WifiAccessPoint$CountrySetting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.WifiAccessPoint$Environment
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.WifiAccessPoint$SecuritySetting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.WifiAccessPoint$SecuritySetting$Mode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/LogControlCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.LogControlCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.LogControlCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/Vertigo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Vertigo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Vertigo$Config
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.Vertigo$FinishAction
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/gamepad/SkyController3GamepadCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.SkyController3GamepadCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.SkyController3GamepadCore$AxisInterpolatorEntry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.SkyController3GamepadCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.gamepad.SkyController3GamepadCore$ReversedAxisEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraExposureSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposureSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraExposureSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/stream/StreamServerCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.StreamServerCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.StreamServerCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.stream.StreamServerCore$Ref
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/CertificateUploaderCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.CertificateUploaderCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.CertificateUploaderCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/animation/GenericTwistUp.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.GenericTwistUp
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.GenericTwistUp$Config
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.GenericTwistUp$PositionTwistUpConfig
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.animation.GenericTwistUp$TwistUpConfig
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/GroundSdkConfig.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.GroundSdkConfig
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.GroundSdkConfig$ConfigurationError
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.GroundSdkConfig$OfflineSettingsMode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/stream/FileReplayCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.stream.FileReplayCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/AltimeterCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.AltimeterCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DroneProxy.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DroneProxy
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/CrashReporterCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.CrashReporterCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/ManualCopterPilotingItfCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.ManualCopterPilotingItfCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.ManualCopterPilotingItfCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.ManualCopterPilotingItfCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/BlendedThermalCameraCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.BlendedThermalCameraCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/DeviceStore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.DeviceStore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.DeviceStore$Monitor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/DollySlideCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.DollySlideCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/component/ComponentDescriptor.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.component.ComponentDescriptor
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/Horizontal180PhotoPanoramaCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.Horizontal180PhotoPanoramaCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaResourceCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaResourceCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/RemoteControlStore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.RemoteControlStore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/TargetTracker.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.TargetTracker
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.TargetTracker$FramingSetting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.TargetTracker$TargetDetectionInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.TargetTracker$TargetTrajectory
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/Renderer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Renderer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Renderer$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Renderer$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/FirmwareInfoCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareInfoCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/PilotingControl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.PilotingControl
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.PilotingControl$Behavior
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/ButtonsMappableAction.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.ButtonsMappableAction
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/system/SystemHeadingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemHeadingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemHeadingCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.system.SystemHeadingCore$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/GroundSdk.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.GroundSdk
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.GroundSdk$OnDeviceRemovedListener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.GroundSdk$SessionProvider
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpBlackBoxClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpBlackBoxClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpBlackBoxClient$Service
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpBlackBoxClient$UploadCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpBlackBoxClient$UploadCallback$Status
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/media/MediaStoreWiper.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaStoreWiper
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaDownloaderCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDownloaderCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDownloaderCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDownloaderCore$DownloadEntry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDownloaderCore$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/Overlay.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Overlay
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Overlay$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.Overlay$GlRenderer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/DoubleSetting.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.DoubleSetting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/stream/TextureLoader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.TextureLoader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.TextureLoader$FrameContext
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.TextureLoader$TextureContext
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.TextureLoader$TextureSpec
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/FlightDataStorage.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FlightDataStorage
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaThumbnailRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaThumbnailRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/GuidedPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$Directive
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$Directive$Speed
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$FinishedFlightInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$FinishedLocationFlightInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$FinishedRelativeMoveFlightInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$LocationDirective
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$LocationDirective$Orientation
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$LocationDirective$Orientation$Mode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$RelativeMoveDirective
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$Type
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.GuidedPilotingItf$UnavailabilityReason
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/StreamLayer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.StreamLayer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.StreamLayer$Config
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.StreamLayer$GlRenderer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaDownloaderRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaDownloaderRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/Magnetometer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Magnetometer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Magnetometer$MagnetometerCalibrationState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/EngineBase.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.EngineBase
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.EngineBase$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.EngineBase$Controller
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.EngineBase$OnStopRequestAcknowledgedListener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.EngineBase$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/component/SingletonComponentCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.component.SingletonComponentCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/FlightLogReporterCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.FlightLogReporterCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/crashreport/CrashReportStorageCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.crashreport.CrashReportStorageCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.crashreport.CrashReportStorageCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.crashreport.CrashReportStorageCore$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.crashreport.CrashReportStorageCore$Entry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.crashreport.CrashReportStorageCore$Report
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/AutoConnectionEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.AutoConnectionEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.AutoConnectionEngine$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.AutoConnectionEngine$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.AutoConnectionEngine$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.AutoConnectionEngine$4
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontroller3/AxisMappingEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontroller3.AxisMappingEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpHeader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpHeader
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/camera/CameraZoom.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraZoom
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.camera.CameraZoom$ControlMode
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/wifi/Channel.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.wifi.Channel
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/firmware/FirmwareInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.firmware.FirmwareInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.firmware.FirmwareInfo$Attribute
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraAlignmentSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraAlignmentSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraAlignmentSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/FirmwareDownloaderCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareDownloaderCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareDownloaderCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareDownloaderCore$Task
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/hmd/CameraLayer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.CameraLayer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.hmd.CameraLayer$GlRenderer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/pilotingitf/animation/DronieCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.pilotingitf.animation.DronieCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/ReporterCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.ReporterCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/instrument/CameraExposureValuesCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.instrument.CameraExposureValuesCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/component/ComponentStore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.component.ComponentStore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.component.ComponentStore$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/IntSetting.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.IntSetting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/VirtualGamepad.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.VirtualGamepad
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.VirtualGamepad$Event
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.VirtualGamepad$Event$Listener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.VirtualGamepad$Event$State
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.VirtualGamepad$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/MavlinkCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.MavlinkCommand
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.MavlinkCommand$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.MavlinkCommand$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/skycontroller3/MappingEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontroller3.MappingEntry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.skycontroller3.MappingEntry$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/firmware/FirmwareVersionCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareVersionCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.firmware.FirmwareVersionCore$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/blackbox/BlackBoxEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.blackbox.BlackBoxEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.blackbox.BlackBoxEngine$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/media/MediaListRef.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.media.MediaListRef
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/DoubleRangeCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.DoubleRangeCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/media/MediaTaskStatus.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.media.MediaTaskStatus
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/MagnetometerWith3StepCalibrationCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith3StepCalibrationCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith3StepCalibrationCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.MagnetometerWith3StepCalibrationCore$CalibrationProcessStateCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/DeviceState.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.DeviceState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.DeviceState$ConnectionState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.DeviceState$ConnectionStateCause
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/http/HttpFlightLogClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpFlightLogClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpFlightLogClient$Service
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpFlightLogClient$UploadCallback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.http.HttpFlightLogClient$UploadCallback$Status
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/ApplicationNotifier.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.ApplicationNotifier
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.ApplicationNotifier$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/SetRoiCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.SetRoiCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/FirmwareDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FirmwareDownloader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FirmwareDownloader$Task
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FirmwareDownloader$Task$Observer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.FirmwareDownloader$Task$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/gamepad/AxisInterpolator.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.gamepad.AxisInterpolator
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceConnectorCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceConnectorCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceConnectorCore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceConnectorCore$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceConnectorCore$Capabilities
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/RemovableUserStorage.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorage
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorage$FileSystemState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorage$FormattingState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorage$FormattingState$Step
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorage$FormattingType
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorage$MediaInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorage$PasswordUsage
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.RemovableUserStorage$PhysicalState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/instrument/Gps.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.instrument.Gps
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/CrashReportDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.CrashReportDownloader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.CrashReportDownloader$CompletionStatus
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/ReverseGeocoderCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.ReverseGeocoderCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/Logging.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.Logging
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/MavlinkFiles.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.MavlinkFiles
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/DeviceNameHolder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceNameHolder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.DeviceNameHolder$Observer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/ChangeSpeedCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.ChangeSpeedCommand
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.ChangeSpeedCommand$SpeedType
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/package-info.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.package-info
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/camera/CameraPhotoSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhotoSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhotoSettingCore$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.camera.CameraPhotoSettingCore$Capability
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/stream/Overlayer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Overlayer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.stream.Overlayer$Histogram
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/mavlink/NavigateToWaypointCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.mavlink.NavigateToWaypointCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/obb/APKExpansionSupport.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.obb.APKExpansionSupport
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/value/IntSettingCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.IntSettingCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.value.IntSettingCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/Beeper.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.Beeper
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/UserLocationEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.UserLocationEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.UserLocationEngine$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.UserLocationEngine$1$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.UserLocationEngine$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.UserLocationEngine$2$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.UserLocationEngine$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/ThermalCamera.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.ThermalCamera
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/facility/UserAccountCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.UserAccountCore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.facility.UserAccountCore$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/value/DoubleRange.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.value.DoubleRange
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/utility/UtilityRegistry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.utility.UtilityRegistry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/peripheral/DevToolbox.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DevToolbox
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DevToolbox$BooleanDebugSetting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DevToolbox$DebugSetting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DevToolbox$DebugSetting$Type
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DevToolbox$NumericDebugSetting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.peripheral.DevToolbox$TextDebugSetting
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/device/peripheral/FlightDataDownloaderCore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.device.peripheral.FlightDataDownloaderCore
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/device/pilotingitf/FlightPlanPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.FlightPlanPilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.FlightPlanPilotingItf$ActivationError
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.FlightPlanPilotingItf$ReturnHomeOnDisconnectSetting
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.FlightPlanPilotingItf$UnavailabilityReason
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.device.pilotingitf.FlightPlanPilotingItf$UploadState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/internal/engine/gutmalog/CollectJob.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.internal.engine.gutmalog.CollectJob
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/facility/Facility.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.facility.Facility
