com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/devicecontroller/ProxyDeviceController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.ProxyDeviceController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpPudClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpPudClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpPudClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpPudClient$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpPudClient$PudAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpPudClient$ReportService
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/media/MediaItemImpl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.MediaItemImpl
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.MediaItemImpl$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/data/PilotingCommandInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.PilotingCommandInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/BlackBoxImpl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxImpl
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiRadio.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiRadio
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiRadio$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiRadio$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiBatteryInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiBatteryInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiBatteryInfo$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiBatteryInfo$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/anafi/AnafiPointOfInterestPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiPointOfInterestPilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiPointOfInterestPilotingItf$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiPointOfInterestPilotingItf$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiPointOfInterestPilotingItf$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/devicecontroller/RCController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.RCController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.RCController$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.RCController$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.RCController$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.RCController$BlackBoxListener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.RCController$BlackBoxListener$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/data/RemoteControlInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.RemoteControlInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpMediaEvent.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$AllMediaDeleted
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$IndexingStateChanged
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$IndexingStateChanged$Data
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$MediaCreated
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$MediaCreated$Data
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$MediaDeleted
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$MediaDeleted$Data
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$ResourceCreated
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$ResourceCreated$Data
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$ResourceDeleted
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$ResourceDeleted$Data
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaEvent$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpFdrClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpFdrClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpFdrClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpFdrClient$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpFdrClient$FdrService
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/skycontroller/SkyControllerMagnetometer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerMagnetometer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerMagnetometer$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerMagnetometer$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/anafi/AnafiLookAtPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiLookAtPilotingItf
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/BuildConfig.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.BuildConfig
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/AntiflickerModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AntiflickerModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AntiflickerModeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/updater/FirmwareUpdaterProtocol.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.FirmwareUpdaterProtocol
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.FirmwareUpdaterProtocol$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.FirmwareUpdaterProtocol$Callback
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.FirmwareUpdaterProtocol$Callback$Status
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.FirmwareUpdaterProtocol$Ftp
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.FirmwareUpdaterProtocol$Ftp$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.FirmwareUpdaterProtocol$Http
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.FirmwareUpdaterProtocol$Http$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/anafi/AnafiTrackingPilotingItfBase.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiTrackingPilotingItfBase
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiTrackingPilotingItfBase$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiTrackingPilotingItfBase$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiTrackingPilotingItfBase$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiTrackingPilotingItfBase$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/anafi/AnafiReturnHomePilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiReturnHomePilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiReturnHomePilotingItf$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiReturnHomePilotingItf$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiReturnHomePilotingItf$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/BlackBoxSession.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxSession
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxSession$CloseListener
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/IsoSensitivityAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.IsoSensitivityAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.IsoSensitivityAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/thermalcontrol/AnafiThermalControl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.AnafiThermalControl
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.AnafiThermalControl$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.AnafiThermalControl$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.AnafiThermalControl$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/Iso8601.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.Iso8601
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.Iso8601$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/WhiteBalanceModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.WhiteBalanceModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.WhiteBalanceModeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/InputStreamRequestBody.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.InputStreamRequestBody
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.InputStreamRequestBody$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/wifi/AnafiWifiAccessPoint.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.wifi.AnafiWifiAccessPoint
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.wifi.AnafiWifiAccessPoint$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.wifi.AnafiWifiAccessPoint$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.wifi.AnafiWifiAccessPoint$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.wifi.AnafiWifiAccessPoint$4
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.wifi.AnafiWifiAccessPoint$5
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/FileFormatAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.FileFormatAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.FileFormatAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/FramerateAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.FramerateAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.FramerateAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/skycontroller/SkyControllerCompass.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.skycontroller.SkyControllerCompass
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.skycontroller.SkyControllerCompass$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/AutoExposureMeteringModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AutoExposureMeteringModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AutoExposureMeteringModeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiRemovableUserStorage.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiRemovableUserStorage
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiRemovableUserStorage$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiRemovableUserStorage$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiRemovableUserStorage$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiRemovableUserStorage$FormattingTypeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiRemovableUserStorage$PasswordUsageAdapter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/media/IndexingStateAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.IndexingStateAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.IndexingStateAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiMagnetometer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMagnetometer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMagnetometer$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMagnetometer$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMagnetometer$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/Arsdk.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.Arsdk
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.Arsdk$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.Arsdk$DeviceCtrlBackend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.Arsdk$LocalDeviceProvider
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/PilotingCommand.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.PilotingCommand
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.PilotingCommand$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.PilotingCommand$Encoder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.PilotingCommand$Encoder$Anafi
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/devicecontroller/DroneController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DroneController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DroneController$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DroneController$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DroneController$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/flightlog/FlightLogDownloadController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.flightlog.FlightLogDownloadController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/media/FormatAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.FormatAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.FormatAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/DroneInstrumentController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.DroneInstrumentController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/ActivablePilotingItfController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.ActivablePilotingItfController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.ActivablePilotingItfController$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.ActivablePilotingItfController$Factory
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiDri.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiDri
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiDri$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiDri$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiDri$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiDri$DriIdTypeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiDri$DriTypeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiDri$IdStorageEntry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiDri$TypeConfigStorageEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiMotors.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMotors
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMotors$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMotors$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMotors$ErrorAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMotors$MotorAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiMotors$MotorAdapter$ArsdkMask
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/media/PanoramaTypeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.PanoramaTypeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.PanoramaTypeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/anafi/AnafiAnimationPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiAnimationPilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiAnimationPilotingItf$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiAnimationPilotingItf$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiAnimationPilotingItf$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/skycontroller/gamepad/ScUaGamepad.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.ScUaGamepad
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.ScUaGamepad$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.ScUaGamepad$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.ScUaGamepad$AxisEvents
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.ScUaGamepad$ButtonEvents
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.ScUaGamepad$InputMasks
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.ScUaGamepad$Translator
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/data/HeaderInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.HeaderInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.HeaderInfo$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/thermalcontrol/Color.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.Color
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiPilotingControl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiPilotingControl
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiPilotingControl$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiPilotingControl$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiPilotingControl$BehaviorAdapter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/ShutterSpeedAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.ShutterSpeedAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.ShutterSpeedAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiPhotoProgressIndicator.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiPhotoProgressIndicator
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiPhotoProgressIndicator$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiPhotoProgressIndicator$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/ResolutionAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.ResolutionAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.ResolutionAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/Model.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.Model
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.Model$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/CameraModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.CameraModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.CameraModeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/TemperatureAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.TemperatureAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.TemperatureAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/anafi/AnafiFollowMePilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiFollowMePilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiFollowMePilotingItf$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiFollowMePilotingItf$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/EvCompensationAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.EvCompensationAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.EvCompensationAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/flightlog/HttpFlightLogDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.flightlog.HttpFlightLogDownloader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.flightlog.HttpFlightLogDownloader$Converter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/AnafiCameraRouter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiCameraRouter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiCameraRouter$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiCameraRouter$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiCameraRouter$CameraControllerBase
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiCameraRouter$CameraInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/ArsdkProxy.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ArsdkProxy
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ArsdkProxy$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ArsdkProxy$ProxyDeviceProvider
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiAltimeter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAltimeter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAltimeter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpEphemerisClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpEphemerisClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpEphemerisClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpEphemerisClient$Service
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/CameraController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.CameraController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.CameraController$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.CameraController$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiStreamServer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiStreamServer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/skycontroller/gamepad/Sc3Gamepad.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.Sc3Gamepad
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.Sc3Gamepad$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.Sc3Gamepad$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.Sc3Gamepad$AxisEvents
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.Sc3Gamepad$ButtonEvents
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.Sc3Gamepad$InputMasks
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.Sc3Gamepad$Translator
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/ZoomControlEncoder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.ZoomControlEncoder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.ZoomControlEncoder$CommandEncoder
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpReportInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpReportInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpCertificateClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpCertificateClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpCertificateClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpCertificateClient$Service
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/PhotoModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.PhotoModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.PhotoModeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/media/LocationAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.LocationAdapter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/devicecontroller/SkyControllerFamilyController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.SkyControllerFamilyController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.SkyControllerFamilyController$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/gimbal/GimbalControlCommandEncoder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.gimbal.GimbalControlCommandEncoder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.gimbal.GimbalControlCommandEncoder$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/gimbal/AnafiGimbal.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.gimbal.AnafiGimbal
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.gimbal.AnafiGimbal$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.gimbal.AnafiGimbal$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.gimbal.AnafiGimbal$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/thermalcontrol/SensitivityAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.SensitivityAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.SensitivityAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/data/LocationInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.LocationInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiFlightMeter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiFlightMeter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiFlightMeter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiAlarms.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAlarms
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAlarms$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAlarms$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAlarms$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAlarms$4
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAlarms$5
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAlarms$6
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/RCPeripheralController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.RCPeripheralController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/AnafiAntiFlicker.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiAntiFlicker
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiAntiFlicker$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiAntiFlicker$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiAntiFlicker$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.AnafiAntiFlicker$CountryFrequency
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/DronePeripheralController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.DronePeripheralController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/persistence/AppDefaults.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.persistence.AppDefaults
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpReportClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpReportClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpReportClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpReportClient$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpReportClient$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpReportClient$ReportService
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpReportClient$ReportType
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/ephemeris/UBloxEphemeris.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ephemeris.UBloxEphemeris
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/ephemeris/EphemerisUploadProtocol.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ephemeris.EphemerisUploadProtocol
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ephemeris.EphemerisUploadProtocol$Callback
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/persistence/Converter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.persistence.Converter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/thermalcontrol/CalibrationModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.CalibrationModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.CalibrationModeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/PeripheralController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.PeripheralController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/anafi/AnafiManualPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiManualPilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiManualPilotingItf$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiManualPilotingItf$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiManualPilotingItf$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiManualPilotingItf$4
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiManualPilotingItf$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/devicecontroller/DeviceComponentController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceComponentController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/devicecontroller/PilotingItfActivationController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.PilotingItfActivationController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpFlightPlanClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpFlightPlanClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpFlightPlanClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpFlightPlanClient$Service
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/PhotoCapabilitiesStorageEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.PhotoCapabilitiesStorageEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiLogControl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiLogControl
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiLogControl$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/ArsdkEngine.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ArsdkEngine
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ArsdkEngine$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ArsdkEngine$1$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ArsdkEngine$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ArsdkEngine$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/DeviceProvider.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.DeviceProvider
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpService.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpService
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/media/MediaResourceImpl.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.MediaResourceImpl
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.MediaResourceImpl$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/persistence/StorageEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.persistence.StorageEntry
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.persistence.StorageEntry$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiSystemInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiSystemInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiSystemInfo$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiSystemInfo$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/data/FlightData.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.FlightData
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.FlightData$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.FlightData$AttitudeInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.FlightData$Builder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.FlightData$DronePilotingCommand
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.FlightData$SpeedInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiGeofence.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiGeofence
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiGeofence$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiGeofence$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiGeofence$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpPudInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpPudInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpMediaClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaClient$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaClient$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaClient$4
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaClient$5
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaClient$Listener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaClient$Service
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/RecordingModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.RecordingModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.RecordingModeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/updater/RcUpdaterController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.RcUpdaterController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.RcUpdaterController$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpUpdateClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpUpdateClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpUpdateClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpUpdateClient$Service
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiFlyingIndicators.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiFlyingIndicators
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiFlyingIndicators$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiFlyingIndicators$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpMediaIndexingState.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaIndexingState
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiSpeedometer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiSpeedometer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiSpeedometer$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/Logging.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.Logging
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/HyperlapseValueAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.HyperlapseValueAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.HyperlapseValueAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiBeeper.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiBeeper
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiBeeper$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiBeeper$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/anafi/AnafiFlightPlanPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiFlightPlanPilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiFlightPlanPilotingItf$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiFlightPlanPilotingItf$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiFlightPlanPilotingItf$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiFlightPlanPilotingItf$4
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiFlightPlanPilotingItf$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiCameraExposure.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiCameraExposure
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiCameraExposure$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/devicecontroller/AnafiFamilyDroneController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.AnafiFamilyDroneController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.AnafiFamilyDroneController$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/flightlog/FtpFlightLogDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.flightlog.FtpFlightLogDownloader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.flightlog.FtpFlightLogDownloader$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpServicesClient.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpServicesClient
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpServicesClient$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpServicesClient$Service
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/skycontroller/SkyControllerBatteryInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.skycontroller.SkyControllerBatteryInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.skycontroller.SkyControllerBatteryInfo$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/BlackBoxRecorder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxRecorder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxRecorder$Context
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxRecorder$Context$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiGps.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiGps
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiGps$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiGps$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiGps$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiCertificateUploader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiCertificateUploader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiCertificateUploader$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/crashml/HttpReportDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.crashml.HttpReportDownloader
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/crashml/FtpReportDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.crashml.FtpReportDownloader
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.crashml.FtpReportDownloader$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/skycontroller/SkyControllerDroneFinder.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerDroneFinder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerDroneFinder$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerDroneFinder$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerDroneFinder$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/flightdata/AnafiFlightDataDownloader.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.flightdata.AnafiFlightDataDownloader
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiAttitudeIndicator.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAttitudeIndicator
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiAttitudeIndicator$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/media/MediaTypeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.MediaTypeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.MediaTypeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/BurstValueAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.BurstValueAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.BurstValueAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/devicecontroller/DroneManagerFeature.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DroneManagerFeature
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DroneManagerFeature$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DroneManagerFeature$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/BlackBoxDroneSession.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$10
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$11
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$12
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$4
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$5
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$6
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$7
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$8
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$9
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$Sampler
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxDroneSession$Sampler$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/wifi/Channels.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.wifi.Channels
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.wifi.Channels$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/devicecontroller/DeviceController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceController$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceController$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceController$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceController$Backend
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceController$ControllerConnectionState
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceController$DeviceFactory
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceController$OnStateChangedListener
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.devicecontroller.DeviceController$State
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/InstrumentController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.InstrumentController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/persistence/PersistentStore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.persistence.PersistentStore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.persistence.PersistentStore$Dictionary
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.persistence.PersistentStore$Dictionary$Observer
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.persistence.PersistentStore$RootDictionary
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpFdrInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpFdrInfo
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiPreciseHome.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiPreciseHome
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiPreciseHome$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiPreciseHome$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiPreciseHome$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiPreciseHome$ModeAdapter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/anafi/AnafiCompass.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiCompass
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.anafi.AnafiCompass$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/skycontroller/gamepad/GamepadControllerBase.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.GamepadControllerBase
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.GamepadControllerBase$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.GamepadControllerBase$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.GamepadControllerBase$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.GamepadControllerBase$Actions
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.GamepadControllerBase$AxisMask
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.GamepadControllerBase$ButtonMask
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.gamepad.GamepadControllerBase$NavigationEventTranslator
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/BlackBoxRcSession.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxRcSession
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.BlackBoxRcSession$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/media/PhotoModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.PhotoModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.PhotoModeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/crashml/ReportDownloadController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.crashml.ReportDownloadController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/data/Event.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.Event
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.Event$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.Event$IntEvent
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.Event$LocationEvent
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.Event$StringEvent
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/instrument/RCInstrumentController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.instrument.RCInstrumentController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/StyleAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.StyleAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.StyleAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/gutmalog/GutmaLogProducer.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.gutmalog.GutmaLogProducer
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/ephemeris/EphemerisStore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ephemeris.EphemerisStore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ephemeris.EphemerisStore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.ephemeris.EphemerisStore$Ephemeris
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiTargetTracker.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiTargetTracker
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiTargetTracker$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiTargetTracker$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/RecordingCapabilitiesStorageEntry.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.RecordingCapabilitiesStorageEntry
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/SystemInfoControllerBase.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.SystemInfoControllerBase
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.SystemInfoControllerBase$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.SystemInfoControllerBase$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/updater/UpdaterController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.UpdaterController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.UpdaterController$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.UpdaterController$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.UpdaterController$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.UpdaterController$4
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.UpdaterController$5
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/http/HttpMediaItem.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaItem
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaItem$DateTimeParser
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaItem$Location
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaItem$PanoramaType
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaItem$PhotoMode
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaItem$Resource
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaItem$Resource$Format
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaItem$Resource$Type
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.http.HttpMediaItem$Type
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/DebugDevToolbox.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.DebugDevToolbox
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.DebugDevToolbox$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.DebugDevToolbox$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.DebugDevToolbox$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/thermalcontrol/PaletteSettings.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.PaletteSettings
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/skycontroller/SkyControllerCopilot.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerCopilot
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerCopilot$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerCopilot$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerCopilot$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/common/updater/DroneUpdaterController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.DroneUpdaterController
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.DroneUpdaterController$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.common.updater.DroneUpdaterController$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/data/TimeStampedData.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.TimeStampedData
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.TimeStampedData$TimeStampAdapter
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/ExposureModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.ExposureModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.ExposureModeAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/FormatAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.FormatAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.FormatAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/PilotingItfController.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.PilotingItfController
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/camera/BracketingValueAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.BracketingValueAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.camera.BracketingValueAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/media/AnafiMediaStore.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.AnafiMediaStore
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.AnafiMediaStore$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.AnafiMediaStore$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.AnafiMediaStore$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.AnafiMediaStore$3$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.media.AnafiMediaStore$4
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/pilotingitf/anafi/AnafiGuidedPilotingItf.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiGuidedPilotingItf
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiGuidedPilotingItf$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiGuidedPilotingItf$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiGuidedPilotingItf$3
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiGuidedPilotingItf$4
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.pilotingitf.anafi.AnafiGuidedPilotingItf$Backend
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiLeds.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiLeds
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiLeds$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiLeds$2
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/AnafiBatteryGaugeUpdater.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiBatteryGaugeUpdater
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiBatteryGaugeUpdater$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiBatteryGaugeUpdater$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.AnafiBatteryGaugeUpdater$3
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/skycontroller/SkyControllerSystemInfo.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerSystemInfo
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.skycontroller.SkyControllerSystemInfo$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/flightdata/PudAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.flightdata.PudAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.flightdata.PudAdapter$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.flightdata.PudAdapter$2
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.flightdata.PudAdapter$ColumnDescriptor
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.flightdata.PudAdapter$ColumnDescriptor$Type
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.flightdata.PudAdapter$Location
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/gimbal/GimbalAxisAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.gimbal.GimbalAxisAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.gimbal.GimbalAxisAdapter$1
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/blackbox/data/EnvironmentData.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.EnvironmentData
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.EnvironmentData$1
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.EnvironmentData$Builder
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.blackbox.data.EnvironmentData$RcPilotingCommand
com/parrot/drone/groundsdk/arsdkengine/peripheral/anafi/thermalcontrol/ModeAdapter.java
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.ModeAdapter
 com.parrot.drone.groundsdk.arsdkengine.peripheral.anafi.thermalcontrol.ModeAdapter$1
